STREAMS-1895 feat : explain newly simplified postman environment (#74)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/install/_index.md

> In order to check that Streams is running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check that Streams is running:
```

1. Import the provided Postman collections and environments. Select the environment designed

> for Kubernetes (instead of localhost). It has a variable named "loadBalancerBaseUrl" with the value "<SET_YOUR_HOSTNAME>". Change this to your hostname (e.g. "https://k8s.yourdomain.tld").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for Kubernetes (instead of localhost). It has a variable named `loadBalancerBaseUrl` with the value `<SET_YOUR_HOSTNAME>`. Change this to your hostname (for example, `https://k8s.yourdomain.tld`).
```
